docs(api): add link for init (#5006)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/cli.md

To generate a project without questions. When enabled, default answer for each question will be used.

> Know more about the questions aksed by `init` [here](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-cli/blob/master/INIT.md#description-of-questions-asked-by-the-generator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> Click [here](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-cli/blob/master/INIT.md) to see the full documentation of webpack init command.
```
I would prefer to link to the whole file instead of a link fragment.
